feat: vim.keycode() can return structured parse result (#38636)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua.txt

        vim.g.mapleader = k'<bs>'
<

    Returns a normalized detailed info about the key as a second return value.

    Parameters: ~
      • {str}  (`string`) String to be converted.

    Return (multiple): ~
        (`string`)

>         (`table[]`) A list of objects with the following fields:

Reviewer: is it intended to be understood that the list is an ordered sequence of key chords? if so, let's make that clearer.
```suggestion
        (`table[]`) List of dicts where each dict represents a key chord, and has fields:
```

        • {key} (`string`) The key without modifiers.
        • {alt_key} (`string?`) Alternative representation of key, only

>           present when it differs from {key}.

Reviewer: what does this mean?

btw, let's use `key_` as the common prefix so that it's clear that each of these `key_` fields is a variant of each other, not parsed info. (plus `alt_key` is easily confused as `<M-...>`)

```suggestion
        • {key_alt} (`string?`) Alternative representation of key, only
          present when it differs from {key}.
```

Author: It is set when a character has an equivalent key-notation (e.x. `<` and `lt`).

Also for uppercase ASCII letters (which automatically are converted to lower case and the shift modifier is added), but the alt remains the upper case letter.

Also also when characters are passed to `transchar()`(c function)...

Reviewer: > when a character has an equivalent key-notation (e.x. `<` and `lt`).

that is a great thing to mention in the docs

>         • {orig_key} (`string`) The original key with modifiers.

Reviewer: is this the raw key chord? let's use `key_` as the common prefix so that it's clear that each of these `key_` fields is a variant of each other, not parsed info.

```suggestion
        • {key_raw} (`string`) The original key chord with modifiers.
```

<

    Parameters: ~
      • {str}   (`string`) String to be converted.
      • {info}  (`boolean?`) Also returns a normalized detailed info about the
                key as a second return value.

    Overloads: ~
      • `fun(str: string, info: true):string,vim.keycode.info[]`

    Return (multiple): ~
        (`string`)
        (`table?`) List of dicts where each dict represents a key chord, and
        has fields:

>         • {key} (`string`) The key chord normalized without modifiers.

Reviewer: how are users suppose to know what this means? what is an example input and the resulting `key` (a meaningful one, not something trivial like "A")?

Author: I would say that the example two lines below that is given about when `{key_orig}`(which is described as non-normalized version of `{key}`) differs from `{key}` is enough (or is it not clear enough what that example is for?).

        • {key_orig} (`string?`) Non-normalized version of key chord, only
          present when it differs from {key}. Example: `lt` and `<`.

>         • {key_raw} (`string`) The original key chord with modifiers.

Reviewer: is this the same thing as what `vim.keycode` retval 1 returns? i.e., `nvim_replace_termcodes()` ? 

if not... what is it? is it the same as the input to `vim.keycode()` ? 

if it's either of the above, do we actually need it?

Author: It's the value of `keytrans(vim.keycode(...))` separated to individual keys.
The use case here is when you want individual full keys of a keycombo for mapping purposes or similar.

<

    Parameters: ~
      • {str}    (`string`) String to be converted.

>       • {parse}  (`boolean`) Parse the keycode instead.

Author: any suggestion on re-phrasing(wording)
